src/pages/subjects/index.md, before:

---
templateKey: 'product-page'
path: /subjects
title: Our Subjects
image: /img/jumbotron.jpg
heading: Subjects worth learning
description: >-
  Studying the Classics is the best way for students to not only improve their use of English but their knowledge of the modern world - preparing them for leadership and influence. Beginning with the basics such as Grammar, Writing and Reading; students progress to studying Latin, Classical Greek, Advanced Essay Writing, Logic and Rhetoric. 
intro:
  blurbs:
    - image: /img/coffee.png
      subject: Logic 1
      text: >
        Logic 1. Are there “laws of thought” just as surely as there is a law of gravity? The answer is a resounding “yes!” In this course we will learn how to reason in an orderly and consistent fashion. Students will master the rules that govern the thinking process. There will be a particular emphasis on applying these rules to the field of Christian apologetics. The goal is to know better how to love God with all our minds. Students will study forms of correct thinking, using traditional Aristotelian tools such as formal proofs and truth tables. Students will also become familiar with the common logical fallacies to avoid.
    - image: /img/coffee-gear.png
      text: >
        Rhetoric I introduces students to the concepts and practical principles of the ancient art of rhetoric, the third part of the classical Trivium. Drawn largely from Aristotle’s Rhetoric and Quintilian’s Institutio Oratoria, the course trains students in using and applying the classical rhetorical canons to a variety of spoken and written assignments. In particular, students will learn how to think rhetorically as both producers and critics of persuasive communication, guided by knowledge of the rhetorical process, kairos and stasis theory, the common topics, and proofs.  Students will also continue to develop their skill in constructing well-organized essays and speeches, advancing their range of stylistic expression, preparation and delivery. Underlying this course is the assumption that excellent speech and writing is part of what brings glory to God and part of what brings us to enjoy Him.
    - image: /img/tutorials.png
      text: >
        This introduction to Academic Writing focuses on formal academic writing for high school students new to composition or needing more confidence and practice. Students practice the trajectory of the writing process from prewriting, drafting, revising, and editing to final submission by mastering the skills of the first three canons of rhetoric: invention, arrangement, and elocution. Not only do students gain greater proficiency in the art of writing well-crafted sentences, coherent paragraphs, and well-structured analytical and argumentative essays, they also practice strategic reading, summarizing, paraphrasing, and embedding quotes. In addition, they learn to properly document both print and online sources using correct referencing. Students use both fiction and non-fiction sources to practice core reading strategies. These sources also provide the content for student writing assignments.
    - image: /img/meeting-space.png
      text: >
        Latin is alive and lively in Latin 1with the renowned Cambridge Latin programme! Students will explore how an inflected language works by studying five noun declensions, four verb conjugations, adjectives, pronouns, and common expressions. Emphasis is given to Latin vocabulary and English derivatives. Students will build translation skills while exploring Roman culture and studying people and practices from antiquity by reading passages in both Latin and English, which are further brought to life by the teacher. Students will be encouraged to see elements of Latin and Roman civilization throughout the world today, inspiring them to integrate Latin with their literature and history lessons.
  heading: What we offer
  description: >
    Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their
    java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee
    production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that
    knowledge to anyone. This is an edit via identity...
main:
  heading: Great coffee with no compromises
  description: >
    We hold our coffee to the highest standards from the shrub to the cup.
    That’s why we’re meticulous and transparent about each step of the coffee’s
    journey. We personally visit each farm to make sure the conditions are
    optimal for the plants, farmers and the local environment.
  image1:
    alt: A close-up of a paper filter filled with ground coffee
    image: /img/products-grid3.jpg
  image2:
    alt: A green cup of a coffee on a wooden table
    image: /img/products-grid2.jpg
  image3:
    alt: Coffee beans
    image: /img/products-grid1.jpg
testimonials:
  - author: Elisabeth Kaurismäki
    quote: >-
      The first time I tried Kaldi’s coffee, I couldn’t even believe that was
      the same thing I’ve been drinking every morning.
  - author: Philipp Trommler
    quote: >-
      Kaldi is the place to go if you want the best quality coffee. I love their
      stance on empowering farmers and transparency.
full_image: /img/products-full-width.jpg
pricing:
  heading: Monthly subscriptions
  description: >-
    We make it easy to make great coffee a part of your life. Choose one of our
    monthly subscription plans to receive great coffee at your doorstep each
    month. Contact us about more details and payment info.
  plans:
    - description: Perfect for the drinker who likes to enjoy 1-2 cups per day.
      items:
        - 3 lbs of coffee per month
        - Green or roasted beans"
        - One or two varieties of beans"
      plan: Small
      price: '50'
    - description: 'Great for avid drinkers, java-loving couples and bigger crowds'
      items:
        - 6 lbs of coffee per month
        - Green or roasted beans
        - Up to 4 different varieties of beans
      plan: Big
      price: '80'
    - description: Want a few tiny batches from different varieties? Try our custom plan
      items:
        - Whatever you need
        - Green or roasted beans
        - Unlimited varieties
      plan: Custom
      price: '??'
---

Commit message:

Updates to subject page and ym

src/pages/subjects/index.md, after:

---
templateKey: 'product-page'
path: /subjects
title: Our Subjects
image: /img/jumbotron.jpg
heading: Subjects worth learning
description: >-
  Studying the Classics is the best way for students to not only improve their use of English but their knowledge of the modern world - preparing them for leadership and influence. Beginning with the basics such as Grammar, Writing and Reading; students progress to studying Latin, Classical Greek, Advanced Essay Writing, Logic and Rhetoric. 
intro:
  blurbs:
    - image: /img/coffee.png
      heading: Logic I
      text: >
        Are there “laws of thought” just as surely as there is a law of gravity? The answer is a resounding “yes!” In this course we will learn how to reason in an orderly and consistent fashion. Students will master the rules that govern the thinking process. There will be a particular emphasis on applying these rules to the field of Christian apologetics. The goal is to know better how to love God with all our minds. Students will study forms of correct thinking, using traditional Aristotelian tools such as formal proofs and truth tables. Students will also become familiar with the common logical fallacies to avoid.
    - image: /img/coffee-gear.png
      heading: Rhetoric I
      text: >
        Rhetoric I introduces students to the concepts and practical principles of the ancient art of rhetoric, the third part of the classical Trivium. Drawn largely from Aristotle’s Rhetoric and Quintilian’s Institutio Oratoria, the course trains students in using and applying the classical rhetorical canons to a variety of spoken and written assignments. In particular, students will learn how to think rhetorically as both producers and critics of persuasive communication, guided by knowledge of the rhetorical process, kairos and stasis theory, the common topics, and proofs.  Students will also continue to develop their skill in constructing well-organized essays and speeches, advancing their range of stylistic expression, preparation and delivery. Underlying this course is the assumption that excellent speech and writing is part of what brings glory to God and part of what brings us to enjoy Him.
    - image: /img/tutorials.png
      heading: Academic Writing
      text: >
        This introduction to Academic Writing focuses on formal academic writing for high school students new to composition or needing more confidence and practice. Students practice the trajectory of the writing process from prewriting, drafting, revising, and editing to final submission by mastering the skills of the first three canons of rhetoric: invention, arrangement, and elocution. Not only do students gain greater proficiency in the art of writing well-crafted sentences, coherent paragraphs, and well-structured analytical and argumentative essays, they also practice strategic reading, summarizing, paraphrasing, and embedding quotes. In addition, they learn to properly document both print and online sources using correct referencing. Students use both fiction and non-fiction sources to practice core reading strategies. These sources also provide the content for student writing assignments.
    - image: /img/meeting-space.png
      heading: Latin I
      text: >
        Latin is alive and lively in Latin 1 with the renowned Cambridge Latin programme! Students will explore how an inflected language works by studying five noun declensions, four verb conjugations, adjectives, pronouns, and common expressions. Emphasis is given to Latin vocabulary and English derivatives. Students will build translation skills while exploring Roman culture and studying people and practices from antiquity by reading passages in both Latin and English, which are further brought to life by the teacher. Students will be encouraged to see elements of Latin and Roman civilization throughout the world today, inspiring them to integrate Latin with their literature and history lessons.
  heading: What we offer
  description: >
    Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their
    java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee
    production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that
    knowledge to anyone. This is an edit via identity...
main:
  heading: Great coffee with no compromises
  description: >
    We hold our coffee to the highest standards from the shrub to the cup.
    That’s why we’re meticulous and transparent about each step of the coffee’s
    journey. We personally visit each farm to make sure the conditions are
    optimal for the plants, farmers and the local environment.
  image1:
    alt: A close-up of a paper filter filled with ground coffee
    image: /img/products-grid3.jpg
  image2:
    alt: A green cup of a coffee on a wooden table
    image: /img/products-grid2.jpg
  image3:
    alt: Coffee beans
    image: /img/products-grid1.jpg
testimonials:
  - author: Elisabeth Kaurismäki
    quote: >-
      The first time I tried Kaldi’s coffee, I couldn’t even believe that was
      the same thing I’ve been drinking every morning.
  - author: Philipp Trommler
    quote: >-
      Kaldi is the place to go if you want the best quality coffee. I love their
      stance on empowering farmers and transparency.
full_image: /img/products-full-width.jpg
pricing:
  heading: Monthly subscriptions
  description: >-
    We make it easy to make great coffee a part of your life. Choose one of our
    monthly subscription plans to receive great coffee at your doorstep each
    month. Contact us about more details and payment info.
  plans:
    - description: Perfect for the drinker who likes to enjoy 1-2 cups per day.
      items:
        - 3 lbs of coffee per month
        - Green or roasted beans"
        - One or two varieties of beans"
      plan: Small
      price: '50'
    - description: 'Great for avid drinkers, java-loving couples and bigger crowds'
      items:
        - 6 lbs of coffee per month
        - Green or roasted beans
        - Up to 4 different varieties of beans
      plan: Big
      price: '80'
    - description: Want a few tiny batches from different varieties? Try our custom plan
      items:
        - Whatever you need
        - Green or roasted beans
        - Unlimited varieties
      plan: Custom
      price: '??'
---
